Hi Adam,

I have quite of bit of code that depends on fay, so when it doesn't
compile with the version of ghc I'm using, I notice.  Well, I couldn't
compile fay with ghc 8.4.2 so I started looking into it.  I discovered
that the culprits where mainly two.  The new Semigroup class and some
new names introduced to haskell-src-exts.  So I added those changes to
fay and found I still couldn't compile because of dependency on
testing-feat in language-ecmascript.  It turns out that testing-feat
is not really required to compile the language, it is just need to run
the tests.  I modified the language-ecmascript.cabal file to pull out
the testing-feat dependency and put it into the test section of the
cabal file and filed a pull request,
https://github.com/jswebtools/language-ecmascript/pull/84, almost a
month ago.  Sadly it has not yet been included in Hackage so I have to
have my own private version of language-ecmascript in order to compile
fay.  I'm included the file fay-language-ecmascript.diff in this pull
request so perhaps you can encourage Andrey
(https://github.com/achudnov) to push it to hackage.  Anyway, after
making all those changes, it now compiles and passes the tests with
nightly-2018-05-13.  I was hoping an lts package that uses ghc 8.4.2
becomes available before I sent this, but so far it hasn't and I need
to move on to other things.  I wish I understood the code you have
written to implement fay better, but it is above my haskell pay grade
at this point.  Anyway, I hope you find this effort helpful in keeping
fay up to date.

Best wishes,
Henry Laxen
